These files constitute a suite of shell and Python scripts designed to facilitate large HFODD potential energy surface projects.

formPESarray.sh creates a multidimensional array of gridpoints, representing multipolarity constraints on a nucleus. HFODD can then be used to calculate properties of the nucleus subject to each grid point in this array.
[You should describe (ideally using pictures or diagrams) the file structure tree this program creates. You should also see to it that this program works in tandem with restart_v2.sh. They should be like bookend programs for your project, and they should work together without thinking about it.]

--> Have it ask "Would you like to constrain Q40?" If yes, "Please provide a range of values to constrain: Max(Q40), min(Q40), delta(Q40)" Then do the same for Q22, Q30, and Q20 (or however it is you have things set up). Based on these responses, you might not only create the array, but you could probably have it create its own restart script.

restart_v2.sh is used after HFODD has completed its run, to collect results in a readable form ready for plotting potential energy surfaces, as well as to prepare the array for future runs. [You might give the option of consolidating outputs without moving around rec files, since that can be time consuming and you might not even care about running it again. Also, you should find out if people even want these features. You might use them occasionally, but given how time-consuming it is to even create a 2D PES, it might not be worth it to create this massive labyrinth of constraints (although again, a map would certainly help)].

PES_plotting_script.py creates nice-looking potential energy surfaces using the output from restart_v2.sh. min_energy.py will, too, as soon as I'm done with it.

parseXMLarray.py uses the XML database created by Nicolas Schunck's script parseHFODDoutput.py to create a .dat file readable by PES_plotting_script.py (that is, it contains the multipole moment constraints and the HFB energies).

density.py and particle_counter.py are a couple of more experimental scripts, that depend on the localization version of HFODD developed by Chunli Zhang. density.py creates cross-sectional views of the total particle density distribution of particles, and particle_counter.py is a very rough attempt to count the number of particles inside a certain region (useful for estimating the most-probable fission fragment yield).
